the century has spotted a giant
amphibian cool asuka's he has massively
powerful jaws weighs about half a ton
and is a carnivore
in the watercooler sucsess is lethal but
on land his legs have trouble dragging
his bulk around and he is no threat to
the live little dinosaurs
he has been hibernating over winter in
the forest and now faces what for him is
an arduous journey of 200 metres to get
back to the river where he will spend
his summer
this bizarre-looking creature is a relic
from a time before dinosaurs in most
parts of the world competition from
crocodiles has driven these magnificent
amphibians to extinction but here the
waters get too cold for crocodiles and
the world's last ruler suitors survive
still patrolling the waterways just as
their ancestors did 150 million years
before them
you